Previously. on The Way Home.
Screen tests. My ancestor
tried to put Port Haven
on the map back then by brining
Hollywood to make a movie.
Mom. you're going
to travel to 1925.
To meet Fern.
just like she said.
My favorite poet. T.S...
Eliot. I think I met your mom.
Tessa Cooper.
This is the first photo
I've ever seen of me and her.
This is why I go back.
is to find your mom.
I want to jump.
- What happened to Mom?
The pond just took her.
Alice!
I want to find my mom.
Please. just think.
who could have jumped
with Tessa?
When exactly
are you from. deary?
When exactly are you
from. deary?
Elliot. I'm sorry the pond
refused you.
I know you want answers
about your mom.
I wish I had something real
to offer you. but...
Please. Del.
You've been here for me
for as long as I can remember.
You don't owe me anything.
Least of all answers
for the mistakes
my own family has made.
Now I have to talk to Vic.
He's the one who owes me
the truth.
Maybe Kat and Alice
will find out something.
Wherever they are.
guess we'll just
have to wait and see.
I know how you're feeling.
Didn't think we'd be back
in this situation so soon.
Who are we kidding?
I should go. See ya later.
- Mm-hmm.
Homework's don.
Thank you so much for letting
me stay a little later.
It's always way better
to study here. Quieter. I mean.
You know you're always
welcome. Elliot. Anytime.
Thanks. I should get going.
I wish he didn't
have to go home.
Well. he's too proud
to stay over here.
even if we asked.
Cole. why didn't we keep him
when we had the chance?
That's what Tessa wanted.
She left him
right on the front step.
- We couldn't have. Delly.
Remember the pact we made
that day when we found him.
that we would be there for him
in our own way?
We both know there's more
to Tessa leaving
than not loving Vic.
We don't know for sure.
And even if we did.
the truth is not
our story to tell.
and Vic had been quiet
all this time.
then we have to. too.
Okay. we'll just keep
doing what we're doing.
Loving him. protecting him.
It's the promise we made.
We have to keep it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Oh.
Well. Daddy always said
the pond was magic.
I thought it was just a bunch
of bunk. But here you are.
And. and here is?
You found yourself
smack dab in the summer
of 1925. missy.
And I do know that I've just
asked you when you're from.
but if I'm being a good.
rule-following girl.
I should take that back.
Can't know too much about
the future now. can I?
Huh.
But I can ask you
what you're doing here.
The pond always has its reasons.
Um. I guess I'm here
looking for someone.
A woman. 65. brown hair.
Her name is Tessa.
- Tessa...
- Tessa Augustine.
Hmm. Do know a few
of the Augustines all right.
and they're all a bunch of rats!
- Rats?
The rattiest of rats.
I've never heard of a Tessa.
Then again.
I've never of you either.
Oh. Jiminy Crickets!
Where are my manners?
I'm Fern Landry. And you are?
Kat. My name's Kat.
And here you are.
looking like something
the cat did. indeed. drag in.
Why don't I call you...
Kitty Cat?
- You're Fern. aren't you?
- Charmed. dear.
I shouldn't have asked
when you're form just now.
I know the rules:
no future talk.
But why are you here?
There's always a reason.
I'm looking for a woman.
older. 40-ish. brown hair.
- Oh. heavens.
I'm having such déjà vu.
But I'm sorry to say.
you're the only soul
I've met at the pond today.
No. don't go. You'll find
your reason soon enough.
- Right.
There's always a reason.
Actually. when am I...
here. I mean?
Summer of 1976. missy.
So lovely to have
a bit of company.
My Cole and Delilah are away.
They're visiting
the in-laws. you see.
For better or for worse.
And all the young people
have set sail for better shores.
but here I remain...
bored to tears!
Well. it's time for my nap.
So. why am I here?
I have no idea. child.
I have never met a time traveler
with less sense of direction!
Before you seemed surprised
that the pond actually worked.
So. does that mean
that you've never...
What. travelled? Heavens. no!
That filthy sinkhole
is not my cup of tea.
Never had an interest
in going backwards. you see.
What would I need the past for?
The past means old.
the past means boring.
the past means corsets.
Kitty Cat. this is the twenties
and I'm a modern gal.
The future is all I care about.
I don't think
you're the one. though.
You're a girl. after all.
- Sorry?
- Hmm? Oh. nothing. Shall we?
Wait. Fern.
aren't you going home?
No. I don't live in that
country bumpkin
farmhouse anymore.
I just moved out.
I'm a city girl now.
Well. town girl. I suppose.
Just wait. You'll see.
So. the house is just...
Over. Finished.
I put the neighbor
in charge of renting it.
It's nice to have a little
extra pocket change.
Helps me keep up my blonde.
Oh. I'm tickled pink
with your company. Kitty Cat.
My first time traveler.
It's very exciting.
No way!
- This is too far-out.
Alice. it's been two years!
Evelyn? Oh. my God!
What? You're in town?
You should have come straight
to Lingermore.
I thought you'd still be
on your big. world tour?
I was. but I just got back
a few days ago.
Where're ya headed?
- Coyle's.
I was hoping to find
a familiar face?
Well. you found me.
I'm going to town too.
I can give you a lift?
Wait. is this what
I think it is?
Yes.
I have so many things
to tell you.
It's absolute fate
that you're here.
Woo-hoo!
My apologies.
it's a bit of a hike.
A ride is much preferred.
Got it.
Oh. we're gettin' nowhere
with that. silly.
Well. like it or lump it.
this is our ride.
Still. it beats walking.
- Huh.
Meet the Augie boys.
This one here
is Percival Augustine.
- Percy.
- And the one behind the wheel
is his younger brother.
Little Mo.
Quit it with the nickname. Fern.
Ain't nothin' little about me.
I tell you. these guys
are trouble with a capital T.
Aren't you. boys?
What's with the duds.
little lady?
Hey. you fellas related
to any Tessas?
I got no idea what
you're talking about. Fern.
Do you want a ride or what?
- Hmm.
Our chariot. m'lady.
Woo!
- Make yourself at home.
I have an errand to run.
but I'll be back in a jiff.
Alice! Wow. a blast from
the past. It's been too long.
It has. How've you been?
- Oh. still living the dream.
But I must admit.
it's not the same
as the good old days
when all you folks hung out.
How 'bout a welcome back
milkshake. on the house?
- I'd love that. Thank you.
- Vanilla. right?
Mm-hmm.
Actually. Jasper.
last time I was here.
in 1974. early fall.
I met this girl. a customer.
her name was Tessa.
Is there any chance
you might remember her?
No. No bells ringing.
She was a fan of T.S. Eliot.
the poet?
She even carried around one
of his books. quoting from it.
No one's coming to mind.
Maybe she was just
passing through.
Bet she was summer folk.
- Right.
Sorry. I. I can't expect you
to remember all your customers.
But I remember you. We all do.
Colton was pretty down when
you left and didn't come back.
- I hear he's away?
With Delilah?
Tricky times with Del's parents.
I wish those kids the best.
They deserve it.
- Hey.
I was worried about you.
Any luck getting in touch
with Vic?
No. He's on his honeymoon.
The one time I need
to talk to him. he's MIA.
Best thing you can do
is keep busy.
if you're open to getting out
of the house?
- Oh. I'm open.
- Good!
Because I have something
that needs doin'.
I knew today would be
pure magic.
Alice is here.
Everything's happening. J!
It's wild. So. how long
you planning on staying?
- I won't be here long.
I... I don't think.
"By the Light of the Moon".
I love this one.
That's the beauty of
a good song. transcends time.
I want you to know that
this book
has been a big
inspiration for me.
- Oh yeah? I'm flattered.
Tell me more.
- Um. I've been writing.
Uh. songs. I mean.
If you're looking
for inspiration.
this one has been
on my mind lately.
what with the anniversary
and all.
"Five Went In".
About the big explosion
in Port Haven.
Yeah. it happened
under Lingermore. you know?
But it was like.
a million years ago.
- More like fifty.
- So. in 1926?
Yep. Prohibition era.
Most of our fishermen
had turned to rum-running.
sometimes with deadly results.
♪ Beware and take care ye
fisherman's sons ♪
- Come on. Alice.
Sing it for us!
No. I want to hear one of
these original songs of yours.
Come on. you're amongst
friends. Tuned and ready.
My songs aren't ready yet.
Is it okay if
I stick to this one?
♪ Five good men
went down below ♪
♪ To go where no good man
should go ♪
♪ And take to the tunnels
row on row ♪
♪ Deep into the dark ♪
Alice?
- Cole!
- You're both back!
Oh. my God!
Make yourself at home.
Kitty Cat.
Oh. my God.
This place is incredible.
More than that.
this paper's my ticket
off the farm.
My saving grace.
I'm a journalist. darling.
I write the society column.
don't you know?
"Gentlemen Prefer Blondes".
The heroine. Lorelei Lee.
is my idol.
The voice of our generation.
And I try to write like her.
She's the absolute bee's knees.
Hot off the press.
Tell me you've read it?
Oh. you must!
Paper's only a year old.
but the editor
is the cat's meow.
Hired me to report
on the latest and greatest
Port Haven society has to over.
So yes.
embellishment is required.
But. I cover all the parties
and we have a big one.
Oh. you mean tonight?
Anyone who's anyone
will be in attendance.
Who knows. Kitty Cat.
maybe this Tessa you're
searching for will be there too?
Now I have to ask.
is that really what women
are sporting in the future?
My. that's a sad prospect.
indeed.
Well. you're going to have
to borrow something of mine
if you want to blend in.
And I do.
So um. should we go
to your apartment?
- Ah!
- You live here?
Or my dear editor friend
lets me stay.
or puts up with it. more like.
What are you waiting for?
Come on!
Let's have some fun. shall we?
Hee. hee!
Yeah. Fun. I would like that.
It all starts
with the right duds.
I can't be in this space
without thinking about
you and Colton slapping it
together with all that old wood.
You know why he did it.
don't you?
I do.
Maybe not in the moment.
but later. for sure.
Later?
I had my "five more minutes"
with Colton. right here.
Before the summer kickoff
in '99.
He put in the electricity
and I helped.
Oh.
And then he told me the real
reason he built this place.
not realizing he was talking
to my adult self.
Or maybe he did.
I'll never know.
Yeah. Jacob told me
that you got to spend
more time with him.
I have to say.
I was a bit jealous.
I want to ask you...
is it still gonna happen.
now that Kat's embroiled
in time travel again?
Of course it's still happening.
Del. I can't wait
to marry your daughter.
But like I said.
it has to be... perfect.
Word to the wise.
you can think about something
too much.
Hey. how 'bout I take you out
for a thank you drink. Huh?
When you're finished.
- Yes.
Purple.
You're gonna look snazzy.
Kitty Cat.
Hello!
Just who do you think you are.
busting into a lady's
boudoir like that?
I was under the impression
this was a newspaper office.
not a boudoir.
Ah. The Herald.
Good. I'm not losing my mind.
You're going to lose
something else
if you don't avert your eyes.
mister!
What do you want
with The Herald?
Oh. so it is open
for business then?
Depends on what
that business is.
Well...
Nice choice.
- Hmm.
I'm looking for the editor.
I was told that The Herald
advertises rooms
and houses for rent?
Name's Cliff.
Well. Cliff.
the editor's unavailable
and I don't write rental ads.
so I'm not available either.
- Oh no? That's too bad.
- How's about you come back
another time
when there's someone here
who can give you a hand?
- Well. I won't ask
for your hand just yet. but can
I trouble you for a name?
Fern Landry.
But whether that name
will give you any trouble
is entirely up to you.
Is that a threat or a promise?
Um. so you're looking
for a place to rent. Cliff?
Landry Farms should be
available. right?
We're extremely busy.
So. like I said.
come back tomorrow
and talk to Grayson Goodwin.
Mr. Editor-in-Chief.
Very well.
I'd apologize for the intrusion.
only I don't feel sorry
in the least.
Ladies.
Miss Landry.
Oh. what were you thinking?
I hardly want a fellow like that
on my farm.
He seems like a real flat tire.
Sorry. you said Grayson Goodwin?
- Wait. yes!
He's Port Haven's head honcho.
He owns this paper.
gave me my job.
and he's the one hosting
the party tonight.
So. hop to it.
There's fashionably late
and then there's just
plain late. Come now!
I am so excited
for you to meet Ashley.
We met in Paris. and then
he followed me to Spain.
He's a poet. Can you imagine?
It's a complete fairytale.
Hey. you didn't tell me
there was a party.
- Every day's a party in here.
Come on.
Come on. Kitty Cat.
Oh. don't be nervous.
Every day is a party in here.
So. our host. tell me about him.
What's he all about?
- Oh. Grayson's a gem.
He fought in the war.
Won a medal. you know?
And when he came home.
Lingermore was a wreck.
The army used it as a hospital.
you see.
So. Gray renovated.
made it his own.
Now the work's complete.
It's a good reason to celebrate.
Out there it's illegal.
but in here.
prohibition doesn't exist.
Cheers.
A new temperance inspector
is due to arrive soon.
but whoever he is.
he'll learn the ropes.
Comes in hot
like the rest of them.
but this town will cool him off
right quick.
She's perfect. isn't she?
Yes. she is.
Freshly painted.
This might all be old hat
to someone from the future.
Is your time as grand as this?
Grander?
- Definitely not.
- Oh. pity.
Well. to be here and now then.
Let's enjoy it while it lasts.
Ash. my love. I'm home.
Particles in the world.
the dust.
Floating on the wind.
- Um...
Darling.
Yes. um.
this is Alice and Colton.
Guys. my Sir Lancelot. Ashley.
- Hmm.
- It's really nice
to meet you. Ash.
- Hey. Yeah. right on.
I see we have... new friends.
From where?
- Oh. God. everywhere.
Yeah. I mean. and why not?
Right?
This palace has more
than enough rooms. right?
Yeah. no. I've heard
about you man. haven't I?
Yeah. the best friend.
left behind.
The boy on the farm.
Is he a threat...
or a fellow warrior?
Either way.
we'll be friends
if my lady deems it.
so welcome to our little
shindig. dude.
Thanks.
Phantom of the Opera?
Hasn't even come out in
theaters yet.
Grayson's pulled
all the strings.
Now the Hollywood release
isn't till November. I believe.
but waiting just
isn't my strong suit.
And I have this gentleman
here to thank
for rewarding my impatience.
This is Nate Simon. Hollywood
producer extraordinaire.
and he's with us
all the way from Tinseltown.
So Nate. how can anyone
in your industry
think that these talkies
are going to replace
a masterpiece like this. huh?
They won't.
Talkies are a fad.
doomed to fail.
Silent films are still
raking in the dough.
Phantom won't be any different.
Which is exactly why
I flew you and your film
for our little soiree here.
to invest in my latest project.
Folks. we're gonna shoot a film
right here in Port Haven.
Put this town on the map. huh?
Show the world the beauty
it has to offer.
And ah.
and there she is. my star.
Darling.
That's right. folks.
our very own Fern Landry
is set to play the lead
in my little film.
Cassandra of the Lighthouse.
Now. it's the story
of the young woman
who lives alone with
her lighthouse keeper father
on our rugged
New Brunswick coast.
As she sits in her tower.
she gazes out to sea.
dreaming of a better life.
A handsome sailor washes ashore.
He's been shipwrecked.
He's the lone survivor.
a hero who tried in vain
to save the lives of his crew.
But it's Cassandra who saves
his life and heals his heart.
And she's met
the love of her life.
Isn't that right. darling?
Well. she did.
But then you went and wrote
the most gruesome ending.
- Oh.
- The sailor plunges
to a watery death
from the top of the lighthouse.
and Cassandra
shuts herself away.
shining her light out to sea.
night after night.
looking for his ghost.
Well.
that's a Hollywood ending
for you. folks. isn't it?
Darling. come.
Grayson. I'd like you to meet
Kitty Cat.
She's a distant relative.
visiting from a distant place.
- Mm-hmm. Well. how mysterious.
Pleasure. Kitty.
Uh. actually it's just Kat.
Okay. "just Kat".
enjoy the party.
Please.
Of course.
- Poetry is like life.
You know. less is more.
Think about T.S. Eliot.
Ezra Pound. just the nakedness
of their verses.
You know. the words
that are left unsaid
are just as important
as the words... said.
Right on. man.
- See. Cole?
These kinda conversations...
this is what happens
when you travel.
It opens your eyes
and your mind.
I've come back way more
worldly and wise.
As worldly and wise
as a sweet soul like you
could ever be. my angel.
She's bang on about travel.
though. Colton. I mean.
just take the leap. man.
Can't imagine how you handled
the monotony of small-town life.
I mean. God. if it wasn't
for the ocean.
I'd be chuckin' myself
off the top of Evie's palace.
But you know.
I hear you're a musician.
Yes. Cole is fabulously
talented. Ash.
Yeah. no you say that. but uh.
yours is a losing battle.
mon ami.
Music scene here is like.
decades behind
what's happening in Europe.
Really? Well. I wouldn't know
'cause I'm a simple
farm boy. right?
Okay. groovy people.
why don't we bring
old and new friends together
and do something mysterious?
Did you know that there are
secret underground tunnels
beneath this house?
Mm-hmm. It's like a world
frozen in time down there.
I say we go exploring.
So. we need to wow our
Tinseltown investor over here.
Just show him
how talented you are.
- Oh. he'll see.
I promise you that.
Ladies and gentlemen. ahem.
stop the film. please.
Stop the film!
May I present the lovely
and talented. Fern Landry.
Hmm. darling.
Ready. boys?
♪ I'll see you in my dreams ♪
♪ Hold you in my dreams ♪
♪ Someone took you out of my arms ♪
♪ Still I feel the thrill of your charms ♪
♪ Lips that once were mine ♪
♪ Tender eyes that shine ♪
♪ They will light my way tonight ♪
♪ I'll see you in my dreams ♪
Woo!
Fantastic. What'd I tell ya.
ladies and gentlemen?
A star is born. am I right?
Now. I'm not done
with the announcements
tonight. folks.
Tonight actually marks the start
of many exciting ventures.
And uh...
how's about we start
one of our own. huh?
Fern Landry.
I was that sailor.
you were my Cassandra
in the lighthouse.
A beacon of hope
in my darkest of storms.
Your face is what saw me through
the war and guided me home.
Please say that you'll
make this house your home?
That you'll...
you'll make me your home.
Will you marry me?
- Yes! Grayson. yes.
A hundred thousand yesses.
I will marry you.
I'll be proud to be a Goodwin.
Ah!
These tunnels lead to the beach.
Perfect for bootlegging.
Spooky. right?
There must be so many
ghosts down here.
In the 20s. the rum runners
used these rooms
to store their illegal booze.
But rumor has it
that they were jail cells
in the really early days.
- This is freaky. right?
- Yeah. Yeah.
Really.
Um. hey. how are you doing?
I haven't had a second
to talk to you yet.
I know. I wanted to say
something to you first.
That time travel stuff
that I told you about
last time I saw you.
do you remember?
Yeah. Yeah. I do.
Uh... Hopefully you took it
with a grain of salt.
I made it up. Wasn't true.
Yeah.
Ya think?
Guys.
we found it! This is it!
This is the exact spot
where the explosion happened.
Five went in. four came out.
The explosion was serious.
Dead serious.
My dad told me that Al Capone
and his gang were involved.
Wait. who lived
at Lingermore in 1926?
My grandfather. Grayson Goodwin.
- Did he know what was going on?
- Who knows?
Ash. where are you going?
When inspiration strikes.
you gotta seize the moment.
Come. everyone. come.
My people. come. Let's go.
Let's go. Upstairs.
- Oh!
- Cheers.
- Thank you.
And congratulations.
Oh. we have a fortune teller
on hand.
should you wish to partake.
She's extraordinary.
Kitty Cat really has no need
to know her future.
now do you?
Of course.
Uh. excuse me.
Darling.
So. the engagement.
were you expecting that?
Well. I've known Gray
since birth.
He's a good man.
on the up and up!
Is he? I saw him speaking
with the Augie boys earlier
and it was not party chatter.
- Oh. those low-lifes.
They're bootleggers.
All of the fishermen
in this town are.
Pays better than reeling
in the minnows these days.
They're probably here
supplying more hooch.
Then why were they the ones
paying Grayson?
Well. who knows why
men do what they do?
Oh. by the way.
run into any Tessas?
- I haven't even been asking.
- Hmm.
Hey! Anyone here named Tessa?
Well. there you have it.
Sorry. Kitty.
Yeah.
What was Tessa like.
during the time
you and Colton knew her?
I really didn't know
Tessa that well.
You don't have to be careful
with my feelings.
- That's not it.
Cole and I thought
that she left you with us.
But she left you at the pond.
A helpless baby.
You had to rescue yourself.
Still trying to wrap
my head around it.
- You didn't like her. did ya?
- I don't like what she did.
Del. I've been meaning
to ask. how's Jacob doing?
What's the latest?
Oh. uh. I...
I haven't heard from Jacob
in a while. Why do you ask?
I was just hoping
he got set up okay.
- Set up?
- Yeah.
I got him a job working
with a friend of mine
who owns a bar in Toronto.
Jacob called me up.
said he was looking for some
work. Was happy to oblige.
I think we can use
another glass.
Actually. maybe let's
just go with a bottle.
I got ya.
- The prohibition officers!
- It's a raid!
This is a raid!
Stay right where you are!
Ditch the drinks and run.
Kitty Cat.
Thank you!
Woo! What a party!
Stone... cold...
dripping with tears of years.
Years of tears.
Drop by drop. drip. drip.
- I can't take this. I gotta go.
- Wait!
Colton. don't go!
- Colton. you're leaving?
Yeah. it's good
to see you. Evie.
You don't like Ash. do you?
If I stay.
I'm afraid I'll say something
I'll regret.
Why can't you just
let me be happy?
- You think you're happy?
I mean.
how can you not see through
that guy? He's a total phony!
- He's not. He's brilliant.
He's the poet of our era.
He came from nothing. no money.
no family. And look at this!
He's created a following.
Your husband's taking
advantage of your kindness
and your heart.
not to mention your money.
- That's not true.
How do you even know that. Cole?
You don't even know me anymore.
And maybe you never have.
- Evie. I...
- If you're so determined to go.
then uh. what's stopping you?
State of the universe. man.
Evelyn? Are you okay?
No. Ash isn't
the one for me. Is he?
Our marriage is falling apart.
I thought today was going to be
so magical. but it's not.
Even after the news
that I got...
What news?
I'm pregnant. Alice.
My errand in town.
I went to the doctor
and he confirmed it.
- Evelyn. that's...
that's great news!
You don't have to say that.
I might have to do
this on my own.
You are going to be
an amazing mom. okay?
Whatever you decide to do.
whether you want to go it alone
or try and make
this marriage work.
How do you know. Alice?
I just do.
I am already so in love
with whatever magic
is happening inside of me.
It's like my body has been
keeping this secret from me
my whole life. that it knew
how to make a beautiful child.
It's going to be me and this
baby against the world.
I will try and get back soon.
T-to be with you. Promise.
Oh.
Thank you. Alice.
I'm so glad you are here.
- Fern. I have to go home.
I've already been gone too long.
Oh. party pooper!
Well. if you want to go back
to the pond.
we'll have to hitchhike.
My feet are killing me.
The trick I showed you.
Here. here. It's foolproof.
Hurry! Hike it up! Hike it up!
More leg. More leg.
Ooh. Kitty Cat.
Well. if it isn't
Mr. Flat Tire.
What are you doing way out here?
- Going home.
Your friend was right.
Landry Farms
is the perfect spot.
What?
You've already rented my house?
Well. when you see something
you want.
you gotta just go for it.
Your neighbor gave me the key.
That farm's gonna be
the perfect reprieve
from my day-to-day. you know.
with all the raids.
and arrests. and whatnot.
- Raids?
- Right.
I didn't get the chance
to properly
introduce myself earlier.
I'm Clifford Cain. Port Haven's
new temperance inspector.
You're the new
temperance inspector.
Boy. did I have a doozy
of a time tonight
wrangling reprobates
at Lingermore.
Say. that's not where you gals
are coming from. is it?
Absolutely not.
We wouldn't be caught dead
drinking.
Of course not. Well. hop in.
Hmm.
You know it's my job
to fine you for that.
And if you don't have the money.
it's a night in the slammer.
Oh. she doesn't have
any money for a fine.
Oh no? Why's that?
Because she's a time traveler.
I have never heard
that one before.
And because of that.
I'll let you off this time.
But I will be watching you
very closely
from now on. Miss Landry.
- Well. watch all you like.
Now. how's about that drive?
- Depends where I'm driving?
- Landry Farm. actually.
Home. sweet home.
for both of us.
- Aren't I lucky...
- Hmm.
Time traveler.
Hey! Glad you're here.
I didn't get to say
a proper goodbye.
Yeah. sorry. I just needed
to take a minute
after all of that.
Ash is literally the worst.
Yeah.
I'm so worried about Evie.
I think you just need to be
a really good friend
to her right now.
She needs you.
And Del.
So. just look after her. okay?
Yeah. I think we can do that.
So. what have you been up to?
Uh. I've been writing songs.
- I love it.
Can I. can I hear one?
Uh. no. No. I... I don't
think they're any good.
No one's gonna
judge you here. remember?
♪ In every heart there lives a place ♪
♪ Where only lonely go ♪
♪ To make a wish ♪
♪ And close their eyes and hope ♪
♪ That the tide is gonna take them ♪
♪ And leave their troubles all behind ♪
♪ And skies will clear and
the sun is gonna shine ♪
- You wanna know the truth?
- Mm-hmm.
I always thought that Tessa
left you with me and Cole
because she wanted us
to be your parents.
And I have to admit.
I always wanted to be your mom.
I would be honored
to be that for you now.
I'm the one who's honored.
You have been an honorary
Landry for a long time.
I wish I could have asked
both you and Colton
for Kat's hand.
I've always dreamt
of that moment.
ever since I was a teenager.
I know Cole knows.
I just do.
And he is with you
every step of the way.
♪ There is a future to be seen ♪
♪ Where this water meets the sea ♪
- Beautiful.
- Thought it was all right?
What? What's wrong?
The song is good.
But if I'm being totally honest.
it's not really you. is it?
What? Yeah. it is.
Nope. It's not from
your heart. Alice. I know it.
Can't bear my soul like you can.
Like that love song for Del?
You made writing that
look so easy.
- You can too!
I know your capacity to care.
I know you.
Face how you feel. Alice.
Write your love song.
I'm sorry. I hope
I haven't ruined all your fun.
Because of you.
Mr. Temperance Inspector
has moved into my house.
What's more fun than that?
At the very least.
it'll keep things interesting.
I'm sorry. too.
I couldn't give you
what you came here for.
Tessa Augustine.
But I still think the pond
brought you here for a reason.
to show you a heck
of a good time.
Yes. And you did.
Well. I wonder
if we'll ever meet again?
Oh. I uh... I have a strong
feeling that I'll be back.
But in the meantime.
if you could please keep your
eyes out for Tessa Augustine?
Or you know what?
Maybe she goes
by her maiden name.
it's Tessa Cooper.
You've got it. Kitty Cat.
Hey. whatcha up to?
Do you think Tessa
left with him?
Ah. let it go. Delly.
That night. that person.
the whole darn thing.
I just want it behind us!
I'm sorry. but we agreed.
This has to be our secret.
Oh. my God. Kat.
Oh! Hi.
- You went there. the twenties.
Did you find her. Tessa?
I didn't.
I see. It's okay. It's fine.
But I did meet Fern.
and she was this incredible
and talented woman
who just. she wanted
to be a star.
And oh. she was engaged
to a Goodwin.
Is that why she never mentioned
who the father of her child was?
I would remember if Fern said
he was a Goodwin.
All I recall
is that he was a sailor
and that he survived
some horrible wreck.
That's the plot
of the whole movie
that Fern was set to star in.
Oh. my God. wait.
Fern's love story
was out of a script?
Does that...
Okay. does that mean
that I actually
could be part Goodwin?
Hey. I am so sorry.
This trip was supposed to be
about Tessa.
I really thought
that I could bring back answers.
Probably better not to find out.
No. Elliot.
I may have made a pact
with Colton.
but some pacts and promises
have a shelf life.
I should get going. It's late.
- What happened?
- I have to go. Are you coming?
You were all friends.
Who's been torn out?
- Whose bike is that?
Who's here?
I don't know where
Tessa wound up.
but I think I know who took her.
That motorcycle
belongs to my brother.
Griffin Landry.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-